<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="structure-but-no-awareness">
        <title>Structure, but no awareness</title>
        <shortdesc>The goal here is to define content objects so that they are reusable and
            extendable. Darwin Typing Information Architecture (DITA) has already defined content
            objects within its schema. The schema is then used to make certain that the content
            follows the schema as it is being written. Additionally, each topic has a unique
            identifier that is used to identify the topic for inclusion into a larger document. It
            has properties such as audience as well as variables that are used for things such as
            product names. Component content management systems also are aware of where topics have
            been used so that the writer can understand the context of the content
            itself.</shortdesc>
        <body>
            <p>In the DevRel model, we use Markdown which is more or less without a schema except
                for what is checked by a linter. We make content modular by using includes that use
                the file name and relative path to identify the content to be aggregated into a
                larger document. However, this cannot be considered a unique identifier because the
                file may be moved and its path changed. There is no database in our publishing
                system that gives content an identifier that persists with the file. The only
                awareness we have of files that have been moved or deleted is the table of contents
                (TOC.yml) and when a file is linked to or included by other documents. In that case,
                the links break and we get warnings in our pull requests.</p>
            <p>We don't have a component content management system that can tell us what content is
                currently available for reuse. Therefore, the same content gets written over and
                over again within the same repo and across repos. Add external contributors who also
                have no awareness of what is currently available, and there is further duplication.
                So the problem of scaling could be addressed by making the system more aware of what
                is available for reuse. Creating a content management system on top of the GitHub
                system would be expensive and negate the whole point of scaling resources to create
                content - that is - spending less money on hiring FTE resources and more on tools
                development instead.</p>
            <p>Therefore, this repo attempts to make efficient use of the current limitations
                by:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>
                    <p>Making the content itself modular.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Providing templates.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Creating an architecture that facilitates modularity.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Extending the linter so that the content is linted against a DITA-like
                        schema.</p>
                </li>
                <li>
                    <p>Extending the linter so that search engine optimization techniques are
                        included such as limiting the title lengths.</p>
                </li>
            </ul>
        </body>
    </topic>