<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="advanced-protection">
                <title>Advanced protection</title>
                <shortdesc>Secured-core servers use hardware, firmware, and operating system
                    capabilities to the fullest extent to provide protection against current and
                    future threats. The protections enabled by a Secured-core server are targeted to
                    create a secure platform for critical applications and data used on that server.
                    The Secured-core functionality spans the following areas:</shortdesc>
                <body>
                    <ul>
                        <li>
                            <p>
                                <b>Hardware root-of-trust</b>
                            </p>
                            <p>Trusted Platform Module 2.0 TPM 2.0 come standard with servers
                                capable of using Secured-core servers. TPM 2.0 provides a secure
                                store for sensitive keys and data, such as measurements of the
                                components loaded during boot. This hardware root-of-trust raises
                                the protection provided by capabilities like BitLocker, which uses
                                TPM 2.0 and facilitates creating attestation-based workflows that
                                can be incorporated into zero-trust security strategies.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>
                                <b>Firmware protection</b>
                            </p>
                            <p>There is a clear rise in security vulnerabilities being reported in
                                the firmware space given the high privileges that firmware runs with
                                and the relative opacity of what happens in firmware to traditional
                                anti-virus solutions. Recent reports show that malware and
                                ransomware platforms are adding firmware capabilities raising the
                                risk of firmware attacks that have already been seen targeting
                                enterprise resources like Active Directory domain controllers. Using
                                processor support for Dynamic Root of Trust of Measurement DRTM
                                technology, along with DMA protection, Secured-core systems isolate
                                the security critical hypervisor from attacks such as this.</p>
                        </li>
                        <li>
                            <p>
                                <b>Virtualization-based security VBS</b>
                            </p>
                            <p>Secured-core servers support VBS and hypervisor-based code integrity
                                HVCI. VBS and HVCI protect against the entire class of
                                vulnerabilities used in cryptocurrency mining attacks given the
                                isolation VBS provides between the privileged parts of the operating
                                system such as the kernel and the rest of the system. VBS also
                                provides more capabilities that customers can enable, such as
                                Credential Guard, which better protects domain credentials.</p>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                </body>
            </topic>