<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="shielded-virtual-machines">
            <title>Shielded Virtual Machines</title>
            <shortdesc>Windows Server 2016 provides a new Hyper-V-based Shielded Virtual Machine to
                protect any Generation 2 virtual machine from a compromised fabric. Among the
                features introduced in Windows Server 2016 are the following:</shortdesc>
            <body>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>A new <b>Encryption Supported</b> mode that offers more protections than
                            for an ordinary virtual machine, but less than <b>Shielded</b> mode,
                            while still supporting vTPM, disk encryption, Live Migration traffic
                            encryption, and other features, including direct fabric administration
                            conveniences such as virtual machine console connections and PowerShell
                            Direct.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Full support for converting existing non-shielded Generation 2 virtual
                            machines to shielded virtual machines, including automated disk
                            encryption.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Hyper-V Virtual Machine Manager can now view the fabrics upon which a
                            shielded virtual is authorized to run, providing a way for the fabric
                            administrator to open a shielded virtual machine's key protector KP and
                            view the fabrics it is permitted to run on.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>You can switch Attestation modes on a running Host Guardian Service. Now
                            you can switch on the fly between the less secure but simpler Active
                            Directory-based attestation and TPM-based attestation.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>End-to-end diagnostics tooling based on Windows PowerShell that is able
                            to detect misconfigurations or errors in both guarded Hyper-V hosts and
                            the Host Guardian Service.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>A recovery environment that offers a means to securely troubleshoot and
                            repair shielded virtual machines within the fabric in which they
                            normally run while offering the same level of protection as the shielded
                            virtual machine itself.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Host Guardian Service support for existing safe Active Directory – you
                            can direct the Host Guardian Service to use an existing Active Directory
                            forest as its Active Directory instead of creating its own Active
                            Directory instance</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <p>For more details and instructions for working with shielded virtual machines, see
                    Guarded Fabric and Shielded
                    VMs../security/guarded-fabric-shielded-vm/guarded-fabric-and-shielded-vms-top-node.md.</p>
            </body>
        </topic>