<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="application-platform">
        <title>Application platform</title>
        <shortdesc>There are several platform improvements for Windows Containers, including
            application compatibility and the Windows Container experience with Kubernetes. A major
            improvement includes reducing the Windows Container image size by up to 40%, which leads
            to a 30% faster startup time and better performance.</shortdesc>
        <body>
            <p>You can now also run applications that depend on Azure Active Directory with group
                Managed Services Accounts gMSA without domain joining the container
                host/virtualization/windowscontainers/manage-containers/manage-serviceaccounts, and
                Windows Containers now support Microsoft Distributed Transaction Control MSDTC and
                Microsoft Message Queuing MSMQ.</p>
            <p>There are several other enhancements that simplify the Windows Container experience
                with Kubernetes. These enhancements include support for host-process containers for
                node configuration, IPv6, and consistent network policy implementation with
                Calico.</p>
            <p>In addition to platform improvements, Windows Admin Center has been updated to make
                it easy to containerize .NET applications. Once the application is in a container,
                you can host it on Azure Container Registry to then deploy it to other Azure
                services, including Azure Kubernetes Service.</p>
            <p>With support for Intel Ice Lake processors, Windows Server 2022 supports
                business-critical and large-scale applications, such as SQL Server, that require up
                to 48 TB of memory and 2,048 logical cores running on 64 physical sockets.
                Confidential computing with Intel Secured Guard Extension SGX on Intel Ice Lake
                improves application security by isolating applications from each other with
                protected memory.</p>
        </body>
    </topic>