<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="distributed-transaction-coordinator-msdtc">
            <title>Distributed Transaction Coordinator MSDTC</title>
            <shortdesc>Three new features are added in Microsoft Windows 10 and Windows Server
                2016:</shortdesc>
            <body>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>A new interface for Resource Manager Rejoin can be used by a resource
                            manager to determine the outcome of an in-doubt transaction after a
                            database restarts due to an error. See
                            IResourceManagerRejoinable::Rejoin/previous-versions/windows/desktop/mt203799v=vs.85
                            for details.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>The DSN name limit is enlarged from 256 bytes to 3072 bytes. See
                            IDtcToXaHelperFactory::Create/previous-versions/windows/desktop/ms686861v=vs.85,
                            IDtcToXaHelperSinglePipe::XARMCreate/previous-versions/windows/desktop/ms679248v=vs.85,
                            or
                            IDtcToXaMapper::RequestNewResourceManager/previous-versions/windows/desktop/ms680310v=vs.85
                            for details.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Improved tracing allowing you to set a registry key to include an image
                            file path in the trace log file name so you can tell which trace log
                            file to check. See How to enable diagnostic tracing for MS DTC on a
                            Windows-based computerhttps://support.microsoft.com/kb/926099 for
                            details on configuring tracing for MSDTC.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <p>:::moniker-end</p>
                <p>:::moniker range="windows-server-2012" Add what's new for 2012 here.
                    :::moniker-end</p>
                <p>:::moniker range="windows-server-2008" Add what's new for 2008 here.
                    :::moniker-end</p>
            </body>
        </topic>