<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection-atp">
            <title>Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection ATP</title>
            <shortdesc>ATP's deep platform sensors and response actions expose memory and kernel
                level attacks and respond by suppressing malicious files and terminating malicious
                processes.</shortdesc>
            <body>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>For more information about Windows Defender ATP, see Overview of Windows
                            Defender ATP
                            capabilities/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-atp/overview.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>For more information on onboarding servers, see Onboard servers to
                            Windows Defender ATP
                            service/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-atp/configure-server-endpoints-windows-defender-advanced-threat-protection.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
                <p><b>Windows Defender ATP Exploit Guard</b> is a new set of host-intrusion
                    prevention capabilities. The four components of Windows Defender Exploit Guard
                    are designed to lock down the device against a wide variety of attack vectors
                    and block behaviors commonly used in malware attacks, while enabling you to
                    balance security risk and productivity requirements.</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>
                        <p>Attack Surface
                            ReductionASR/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-exploit-guard/attack-surface-reduction-exploit-guard?ocid=cx-blog-mmpc
                            is set of controls that enterprises can enable to prevent malware from
                            getting on the machine by blocking suspicious malicious files for
                            example, Office files, scripts, lateral movement, ransomware behavior,
                            and email-based threats.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Network
                            protection/windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-atp/network-protection
                            protects the endpoint against web-based threats by blocking any outbound
                            process on the device to untrusted hosts/IP addresses through Windows
                            Defender SmartScreen.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Controlled folder
                            accesshttps://cloudblogs.microsoft.com/microsoftsecure/2017/10/23/stopping-ransomware-where-it-counts-protecting-your-data-with-controlled-folder-access/?ocid=cx-blog-mmpc?source=mmpc
                            protects sensitive data from ransomware by blocking untrusted processes
                            from accessing your protected folders.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Exploit
                            protection/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-exploit-guard/exploit-protection-exploit-guard
                            is a set of mitigations for vulnerability exploits replacing EMETthat
                            can be easily configured to protect your system and applications.</p>
                    </li>
                    <li>
                        <p>Windows Defender Application
                            Control/windows/security/threat-protection/windows-defender-application-control/windows-defender-application-control
                            also known as Code Integrity CI policy was released in Windows Server
                            2016. Customer feedback has suggested that it is a great concept, but
                            hard to deploy. To address this, we have built default CI policies,
                            which allows all Windows in-box files and Microsoft applications, such
                            as SQL Server, and block known executables that can bypass CI.</p>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </body>
        </topic>