<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="types-of-jelly">
    <title>Types of jelly</title>
    <prolog>
        <author>IngridAtMicrosoft</author>
        <data name="description" value="This is a repository for a single source prototype."/>
        <data name="title" value="Welcome to Single Source"/>
    </prolog>
    <body>
        <table>
            <tgroup cols="2">
                <colspec colname="col1"/>
                <colspec colname="col2"/>
                <thead>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">Type</entry>
                        <entry align="left">Description</entry>
                    </row>
                </thead>
                <tbody>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">jelly</entry>
                        <entry align="left">In North America, jelly (from the French gelée) refers
                            exclusively to a clear or translucent fruit spread made from sweetened
                            fruit (or vegetable) juice—thus differing from jam by excluding the
                            fruit's flesh—and is set by using its naturally occurring pectin,
                            whereas outside North America jelly more often refers to a gelatin-based
                            dessert, though the term is also used to refer to clear jams such as
                            blackcurrant and apple. In the United Kingdom, redcurrant jelly is a
                            condiment often served with lamb, game meat including venison, turkey
                            and goose in a festive or Sunday roast. It is a clear jam, set with
                            pectin from the fruit, and is made in the same way, by adding the
                            redcurrants to sugar, boiling, and straining.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">jam</entry>
                        <entry align="left">Jam typically contains both the juice and flesh of a
                            fruit or vegetable, although one cookbook defines it as a cooked and
                            jelled puree. The term "jam" refers to a product made of whole fruit cut
                            into pieces or crushed, then heated with water and sugar to activate its
                            pectin before being put into containers</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">marmalade</entry>
                        <entry align="left">description goes here</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">chutney</entry>
                        <entry align="left">A chutney is a relish of Indian origin made of fruit,
                            spices and herbs. Although originally intended to be eaten soon after
                            production, modern chutneys are often made to be sold, so require
                            preservatives – often sugar and vinegar – to ensure they have a suitable
                            shelf life. Mango chutney, for example, is mangoes reduced with
                            sugar.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left"><i>confit</i></entry>
                        <entry align="left">While <i>confit</i>, the past participle of the French
                            verb <i>confire</i>, "to preserve", is most often applied to
                            preservation of meats, it is also used for fruits or vegetables seasoned
                            and cooked with honey or sugar till jam-like. Savory <i>confits</i>,
                            such as ones made with garlic or fennel, may call for a savory oil, such
                            as virgin olive oil, as the preserving agent.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">conserve</entry>
                        <entry align="left">A conserve, or whole fruit jam, is a preserve made of
                            fruit stewed in sugar. Traditional whole fruit preserves are
                            particularly popular in Eastern Europe (Russia, Ukraine, Belarus) where
                            they are called <i>varenye</i>, the Baltic region where they are known
                            by a native name in each of the countries (Lithuanian: <i>uogienė</i>,
                            Latvian: <i>ievārījums</i>, Estonian: moos, Romanian: <i>dulceață</i>),
                            as well as in many regions of Western, Central and Southern Asia, where
                            they are referred to as <i>murabba</i>. In some parts of Eastern Europe,
                            another version called <i>slatko</i> is made; in Serbia and Croatia, a
                            spoonful is offered to guests, along with a glass of water.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">fruit butter</entry>
                        <entry align="left">Fruit butter, in this context, refers to a process where
                            the whole fruit is forced through a sieve or blended after the heating
                            process.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">fruit curd</entry>
                        <entry align="left">Fruit curd is a dessert topping and spread usually made
                            with lemon, lime, orange, or raspberry. The basic ingredients are beaten
                            egg yolks, sugar, fruit juice and zest which are gently cooked together
                            until thick and then allowed to cool, forming a soft, smooth, intensely
                            flavored spread. Some recipes also include egg whites or butter.</entry>
                    </row>
                    <row>
                        <entry align="left">fruit spread</entry>
                        <entry align="left">Although the FDA has Requirements for Specific
                            Standardized Fruit Butters, Jellies, Preserves, and Related Products,
                            there is no specification of the meaning of the term fruit spread.
                            Although some assert it refers to a jam or preserve with no added sugar,
                            there are many "fruit spreads" by leading manufacturers that do contain
                            added sugar.</entry>
                    </row>
                </tbody>
            </tgroup>
        </table>
    </body>
</topic>
